Anyone who has followed the trans scene for some time has noticed the prevalence of anime (and other otaku media). 
As someone who has been casually into anime for a long time, I have a theory about what causes this. There is one thing that makes modern anime unique compared to other mediums: the characters in them tend to be the opposite sex to the target audience. 
In older anime and in modern anime targeted at younger audience, the main characters are usually the same sex as the intended viewer, just like in most media. Media for men has predominantly male cast, with maybe one female character as love interest. Media for women has the same in reverse, maybe less extreme. 
Older/kiddie anime like Dragon Ball and Sailor Moon are good examples of shows that conform to this. But in recent decades, adult oriented anime has evolve to become more and more focused on sexual content and waifu/husbando pandering (selling illusion of fictional characters as "partners") . 
The evolution of anime targeted for adult males has basically progressed like this: 

-Shows with mostly male cast 
-One female love interest 
-Shows with bigger female cast to increase sexual fanservice and offer many "types" of women for audience to choose from Shows that have only one bland self-interest male protagonist and the entire cast is otherwise sexy/cute girls 
-Shows that have ONLY sexy/cute girls, no male characters

The obvious example of this trend are harems and moe anime. Harems usually have extremely bland protagonist (sometimes literally faceless) that any loser can self-insert into. 
Once this type of protagonist became norm, it was easy to take the next logical step by just making shows with all-female cast. 
Examples are K-On, Lucky Star, Love Live etc, at first glance you would think those shows are for girls, but no. The male audience for these shows doesn't care about male characters and tends to see them as "competition" for the anime girls. 
This has been the dominant market trend in anime for decades now and these two types of shows are where 99% of the anime girls you see in trans spaces come from. But what is the unintentional side effect of this removal of any (interesting) male characters? 
The male audience has no choice but to relate to the sexualized female characters. In other words, they are self-inserting into the same anime girls they fap to. Do I even need to spell out the obvious way this could encourage AGP fantasies? 
A lot of these shows even feature cute anime girls who are otakus, awkward, losers, shut-ins etc to make them more relatable to the male audience. Alternatively, many male otaku may not want to self-insert to the bland, generic male protagonists in these shows and will relate to the more interesting female characters. 
It's unique overlap of sexualizing a female character while also relating to and even self-inserting into her, and it's enforced again and again.
The same trend has happened to anime targeted to adult female audience, and Tumblr/Twitter is full of TiFs who have history as anime fans, usually "fujoshi" who are into m/m anime (explicit or implied homosexuality is very common in this kind of anime for both genders, which worsens the simultaneous-subject/object complex). 
Autoandrophilia is encouraged the same way by anime shows with all-male cast where female audience both lusts after and relates to male characters. It's like a perfect formula for inducing AGP/AAP in the viewers. 
There are other factors of course like high number of misfits/unhappy people/autistic spectrum among anime viewers and the way cartoons allow unrealistic sexual scenarios, but those factors are not unique to anime and for example western superhero comics are not breeding such a disproportionate number of AGP/AAPs. 
So I believe this is the crucial thing that makes anime fans so overpresented in this crowd.
